.\" dvsource-alsa.1 written by Ben Hutchings <ben@decadent.org.uk>
.mso www.tmac
.TH DVSOURCE-DVGRAB 1 "11 March 2009"
.SH NAME
dvsource-alsa \- audio source for DVswitch
.SH SYNOPSIS
.HP
.B dvsource-alsa
.RI [ OPTIONS ]
.RB [ \-s " ntsc|pal]
.RB [ \-r " 48000|32000|44100]
.RI [ DEVICE ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.LP
\fBdvsource-alsa\fR uses ALSA to capture audio and sends it to
DVswitch together with a dummy video stream.
.LP
The optional \fIDEVICE\fR argument is a PCM device name. See
.URL http://www.alsa-project.org/alsa-doc/alsa-lib/pcm.html#pcm_dev_names "the ALSA documentation"
for an explanation of these names.
.SH OPTIONS
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-host=\fIHOST\fR
.TP
\fB\-p\fR, \fB\-\-port=\fIPORT\fR
.RS
Specify the network address on which DVswitch is listening.  The host
address may be specified by name or as an IPv4 or IPv6 literal.
.RE
.TP
\fB\-s\fR, \fB\-\-system=\fRntsc|pal
.RS
Specify the video system to use.  This must match the system used by
DVswitch.  The default is "pal".
.RE
.TP
\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-rate=\fR48000|32000|44100
.RS
Specify the sample rate, in Hz.  The default is 48000.
.RE
.TP
\fB-d\fR, \fB--delay\fR=\fIDELAY\fR
.RS
Specify the time by which audio should be delayed, in seconds.
The delays in live audio and video sources need to be closely
matched in order that the audio and video signals will be
synchronised in the output of DVswitch.  The default is 0.2.
.RE
.SH AUTHOR
Ben Hutchings <ben@decadent.org.uk>.
.SH SEE ALSO
http://www\.alsa\-project\.org/alsa\-doc/alsa\-lib/pcm\.html,
/usr/share/doc/dvswitch/README
